hello my name is svetlana
I present you the stiga snow blower
Markov prism model stiga prisma
excellent quality option for
small money represents
single-stage auger snow blower
working mechanism powerful engine
800 series snow series from world wide
famous american manufacturer
britney stratton company possesses
7 and a half horsepower
to start it is necessary to pump up fuel
under the sauce close the valve and pull
The starter handle is electric.
easy starter to start the car
from outlet at low temperature
air cap located above
gas tank capacity of 2.8 liters and throat
for pouring oil into the crankcase
the stiga snow blower moves itself
by rotating the auger operator
only sets the direction using
comfortable handle
screw controls are on
handle model snow blower stiga
prisma has a rubberized auger which
removes snacks coatings being cleaned
territories in a gentle way without damaging
allows you to clean the surface in one
passage width 55 centimeters and height
up to 25 cm with snow drift
through a special plastic gutter
structures up to 12 meters
snow stiga has
turning the chute 220 degrees comfortable
the handle on the handle adjusts the direction
snow throwing office workers spent
Testing this machine snow blower
Immediately started all the controls
visible and understandable
in our opinion not required
additional skills to work on
snow removal by this unit company
electric motor offers from stock to
Kiev, the entire range of snowthrower
stiga
Delivery within 24 hours throughout
Ukraine
on buying a stiga snow blower
contact the company electric motor
contact number
53 for 38 leave feedback and
comments on this snow blower video
and you will get an additional discount